# 【やっぱり日本人の英語？】ネイティブに私の英語力を厳しく評価してもらいました

Atsu
Hello!

Adam
Hello, how are you?

Atsu
Very good. How are you?

Adam
I'm very good. I'm very good.
Um, what I would say is that in 20 minutes I have a reservation.

Atsu
Yeah. That's fine.
So what I'd like to do today is ... so ... I just want to have a free conversation with you.
But I just want you to be very, extremely critical about my English.
The first 10 minutes
we're going to just naturally have a normal conversation and using the remaining 10 minutes I want you to point out where I made mistakes where I have room for improvement.
Because I'm here on Cambly to improve my English.
so unless I get like, something out of it
it just becomes just a normal conversation.
So, it'd be awesome if you could look at it from any perspective like pronunciation, grammar, vocabulary.

Adam
Yeah, let me quickly get a page ready.
Okay, cool.
Okay, whenever you're ready.

Atsu
Alright.
So, yeah, let's just have a chat.
Alright, so, just to give you a bit of my background.
I'm Atsu.
I was born and raised in japan and I made a move to Australia about 7 years ago as a student and then stated my career as a public accountant, like 5 years ago and worked for a firm called Deloitte.
Then I was there in audit.
I was a auditor so I was in charge of like examination of financial statements of all different types of clients.
And then I just made a move back to my home country, Japan.
So I'm now based in Tokyo.

Adam
And how are you finding the transition from coming back?
What do you find, you know you've been away and now you've come back
What do you find difficult or interesting tht you've noticed about when you've come back?

Atsu
I lived in Japan for about 22 years and then I lived in Australia for 7 years and I came back, right?
Well, I'm completely used to the culture and the way people think about things but I had never worked in japan.
The way they do business is a little bit different from the way I used to do my biz in Australia in many ways.
So, for example the definition of a word they use in the business context is a little bit different
For example: deadline.
The word deadline.
There is, of course, a Japanese word for deadline.
When I was in Australia, deadline was actually not a deadline.
It was like, just some milestone.
It was sort of a reference point.
So even if we cross the deadline, we're not actually dead. You know?
I've crossed the deadline so many times working in Australia and I didn't become the butt of criticism.
It was okay.
I mean, well, given that there is so much uncertainty surrounding the deadline always, right?
When something unexpected happens, people actually allow you to cross the deadline.
Well actually, the deadline is postponed.
But in japan, on one of the projects that I worked on, there was a certain deadline and lots of uncertainty came up from nowhere and we were like, oh actually, we might have to push it back a little bit because we didn't think we could actually meet the deadline.
And people were like  you guys promised that you will finish this work by that deadline and why are you now saying hat we have to make it moving target.
So that was one experience that I had here in Japan that in terms of like how we approach work and how we actually use the word deadline.
Well interestingly the order day I was having a chat with a Japanese-English translator.
She often attends international conference where she has to switch on and off Japanese and English and she translates some words into Japanese.
If you do it like, word for word, the nuance changes a lot.
It may actually depend upon a country but ...
For example, if you say "Okay, we can definitely do that", then how definite is it?
That's the question. Right?
Yeah, so if it's translated into Japanese then the Japanese person who listen to the translation
he might think that it's almost 100% because it's definite, right? But it...

Adam
It depends, it almost depends on the definition of definitely.

Atsu
Exactly, exactly, right?

Adam
Yeah, and it can move and shift depending on which culture that you're in.

Atsu
Correct
so I think, in the Japanese work environment you wouldn't say definite if you are actually certain that it'll be definite.

Adam
Um hmm, yeah, sure.

Atsu
I think that in western culture it's more likely that people use definitely more casually even if it's not definite just like it comes out naturally, right?
So that was cey interesting.
And I actually thought that, you know, what a translator does is just translating from A to B pretty much and it's not that complicated.
but actually, when you actually deep dive into it, right?
You see all those intricate layers that you hae to break through before you become a professional translator.
I'm not trying to be a translator, but that was an interesting story.

Adam
They say stuff like, someone will say something and then there might not be the words so then you have to kind of ... well, you might paraphrase what they mean.
And you're not only having to switch between two languages you're actually having to attach meaning when the words dont slightly add up.
The other thing as well is ... hiw can I put it,
