# 命に嫌われている - Hated by Life Itself. -

"Wanna die don't say it like that no  
Don't ever give up keep on living on"

We are told to believe songs like that,  
I just find it so bizarre.

I cry,could just die now and I wouldn’t care
People around me dying would make me sad cause they’re
Everything to me and I would hate that,
that’s my ego I guess.

No one gives a damn strangers dying here and there,
Gotta hate someone anyone a fashion yeah
Despite everything they want us to live peacefully
Wonderful! But don’t you know..

Only a screen away from someone dying I stare,
Blankly as a voice sings to me from nowhere
He is entranced by it a young boy with a Knife in hand ran out of sight

Life itself hates every one of us through and through.
For pushing our ego and beliefs
when Radio waves from this world broadcast nothing but
Desire to murder one another.
Life itself hates every one of us through and through.
With no struggle we say that we want to die
Existence means nothing at all to you,
Life itself hates every one of us through and through.

Got no money again feeling low,
Praising my indolence through I have sung
The meaning of my life still haven’t got a clue.
realizing it doesn’t matter,take a breath,redo.
The feelings inside can they be explain
by “I’m lonely”?
These wounds feel deeper than that
Those thoughts overwhelm me as I lie here,
Alone I sleep in my bed again

We once were young at the height of our youth,in the blink of an eye we are in adulthood.
Leaves fallen rotting,growing old you will be,
wiped from existence forgotten for good.
Oh if only immortality could come true,
Existing knowing that my life is never through.
Like all those science fiction movies in view

Even if I die now,I really wouldn’t care
People around me think they want me living here
But if I tell them all what is on my mind,
I feel the anger in their voice.

“Do things in the right way,that’s what they say to me.”
“If you don’t wanna die then live your life normally”.
Even if you’re devastated that’s how life is gonna be
Alone laughing before you go.

Life itself hates every one of us through and through.
Where happiness passes and falls through the gaps of our upbringing our memories
Easy to curse our past like a fool.
Life itself hates every one of us through and through.
Goodbye is the only word we like to hear,
can’t even comprehend parting for real,
Life itself hates every one of us through and through.

Happy for,goodbyes your,love calls for friendships all
Absurd things of our dreamworld,
With money I could by all these things though no.

If I die tomorrow would all my efforts be.
All become nothing and fly right by.
Morning turns to night into spring into autumn,
It never changes someone somewhere says their last goodbye
No dreams for tomorrow I don’t need anything
if you’re still breathing living on then that is all I need.

Of course...

the truth was
That’s what I wanted to sing.

Life itself hates us through and through.
We’ll all reach our time it will come for your.
Even you’ll be,even I’ll be,
nothing but a fallen leaf rotting away.
Despite everything we live on desperately
Holding onto our precious life desperately
Killing,striving smiling,protecting,

Don’t die,Don’t die,Don’t die,Don’t die,
live your life.
